All right, so let's add final states
into our application just to clean
things up a little bit, since we are
targeting this loading state with an ID,
and we want to avoid doing that just to
model things a little bit more cleanly.
So first things first,
instead of going to loading,
let's make a finished state right over
here, and let's target that state instead.
So what's happening over here is when
the elapsed is greater than the duration,
now we're saying okay,
this song is now gonna be finished.
And by doing that we are now just
separating from the fact that
we have this loading state.
So now we don't even need to know about
this loading state because it becomes
the responsibility of the player states.
So if we want to change this
loading state and maybe just,
we have a song already cached or we want
to replay the song if we're on repeat and
we don't need to load it again.
Then none of those details matter
because all we're saying is, hey,
parent state, I'm finished.
And so we specify that with
type: [COUGH] 'final'.
All right, so now we are going to make
sure that everything still works.
And we're going to go to 07-final-states.
[COUGH] So now we see that play and
pause still work.
But we do want to trigger this
when elapsed is greater than or
equal to duration.
And again, the way that this happens
is using the AUDIO.TIME event.
So, if we do service.send,
type: 'AUDIO.TIME',
and we give it a currentTime
of something big, like 1,000.
What should happen is it should go back
to the loading state, which it does.
And of course we could go
from loading to loaded.
I'm just gonna copy this, and
see that it goes back there.
So our final state is working.